Add documentation to loop contracts, __CPROVER_loop_entry (#8377)
diffblue/cbmc: src/goto-instrument/contracts/doc/user/contracts-assigns.md

may involve any identifier that is in scope at loop entry
(parameters of the surrounding function, local variables, global variables,
type identifiers in `sizeof` or cast expressions, etc.).

> In case of a nested loop, the outer loop should contain all assign targets of the inner loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of a nested loop, the outer loop should contain all assigned targets
of the inner loop.
```

may involve any identifier that is in scope at loop entry
(parameters of the surrounding function, local variables, global variables,
type identifiers in `sizeof` or cast expressions, etc.).

> In case of a nested loop, the outer loop should contain all assigned targets
> of the inner loop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of nested loops, the assigns clause of the outer loop should contain all assigns targets of the inner loops.
```
